bug-batch-4-19-s-s: bug batching (#94707)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-19-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-release-note-rhcos-bug-fixes_{context}"]
==== {op-system-first}

[discrete]
[id="ocp-release-note-samples-operator-bug-fixes_{context}"]
==== Samples Operator

> * Previously, the `lastTransitionTime` spec of the Samples Operator's Progressing condition would often update without any actual change in the condition. This caused the Operator to appear less stable than it actually was. With this release, the `lastTransitionTime` spec only updates when the Progressing condition actually changes. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54591[OCPBUGS-54591])

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

> * Previously, unsorted image stream names in the `Progressing` condition were causing unnecessary updates. This led to excessive user updates and potential performance degradation. With this release, the failing image imports are sorted within the `activeImageStreams` function improving Cluster Samples Operator efficiency, reducing unnecessary updates, and enhancing overall performance. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54590[OCPBUGS-54590])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, unsorted image stream names in the `Progressing` condition caused unnecessary updates. This caused excessive user updates andreduced system performance. With this release, the `activeImageStreams` function sorts falling image imports. This action improves Cluster Samples Operator efficiency, reduces unnecessary updates, and enhances overall performance. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54590[OCPBUGS-54590])
```
https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#_bug_fix

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

[id="ocp-release-note-rhcos-bug-fixes_{context}"]
==== {op-system-first}

[discrete]
[id="ocp-release-note-samples-operator-bug-fixes_{context}"]
==== Samples Operator

* Previously, the Samples Operator updated the `lastTransitionTime` spec in the `Progressing` condition even when the condition did not change. This made the Operator show as less stable than it was. With this release, the `lastTransitionTime` spec updates only when the `Progressing` condition changes. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54591[OCPBUGS-54591])

> * Previously, unsorted image stream names in the `Progressing` condition caused unnecessary updates. This caused excessive user updates andreduced system performance. With this release, the `activeImageStreams` function sorts falling image imports. This action improves Cluster Samples Operator efficiency, reduces unnecessary updates, and enhances overall performance. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54590[OCPBUGS-54590])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Previously, unsorted image stream names in the `Progressing` condition caused unnecessary updates. This caused excessive user updates and reduced system performance. With this release, the `activeImageStreams` function sorts falling image imports. This action improves Cluster Samples Operator efficiency, reduces unnecessary updates, and enhances overall performance. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54590[OCPBUGS-54590])
```

> * Previously, the Samples Operator established a watch for all cluster Operators, which caused its sync loop to run when any Operator changed. With this release, the Samples Operator watches only the cluster Operators it needs to monitor. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54589[OCPBUGS-54589])

Reviewer 2: ...its sync loop seems to be ambiguous.
https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-pronouns#ambiguous-pronoun-references

> * Previously, the Samples Operator established a watch for all cluster Operators, which caused its sync loop to run when any Operator changed. With this release, the Samples Operator watches only the cluster Operators it needs to monitor. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54589[OCPBUGS-54589])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Previously, the Samples Operator established a watch for all cluster Operators, which caused its sync loop to run when any Operator changed. With this release, the Samples Operator watches only the cluster Operators' it needs to monitor. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54589[OCPBUGS-54589])
```

Reviewer 2: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-possessives
